Hi There,

Integration Experience:
1. Got mixed up with all the guides and links.
-- Documentation flow
-- github repository
-- links to the docs from inside the dashboard
-- some of the code snippets are duplicated in a few places.

When following the guide and copying the code examples, I couldn't compile the code and got many errors.
I wasn't able to integrate (even with my correct domain this time:))
Finally I decided to delete everything and install my own react app with using the guide,
copied only specific lines from the examples and it worked like a charm.
I have a reason to believe that the repository is not updated and the code there is broken.

Login & dashboard
1. I'v noticed that the submit button in the login screen is missing a user experience functionality.
It seems enabled and it is clickable, before entering the email input.
When clicking on it, I get no error or message that the email input is missing.
Than I found the way to customize it via login box, but unfortunately the preview did not indicate
the changes while playing with its state.

2. I didn't see any section of managing errors.
-- Do I want to notify my user when something is wrong?
-- Do I want to edit the errors myself?
-- Do I want to give a field description, or tooltip about something or maybe I want to disable it?


3. While I was searching my way in the portal, I found a broken QR code under setting up an authenticator app:
Admin portal >> privacy & policy >> MFA.


4. I have a way to navigate from the portal to the builder, but no navigation button to my home portal
although its the same base app: https://portal.frontegg.com/builder/app-experience/login-box
the user needs to edit the url or go back by using the browser navigation.

5. Privacy policy and T&C - In order to be enabled and presented, it requires a mandatory link.
if the link is not provided, to toggle still shows this capability is enabled. the user might be confused
to enable this capability although it wont work.

6. Personal token is not generated correctly, seems no request is sent out when clicking on the generate btn.
7. API token is generated successfully, I've noticed that the 'Created By' column is showing an 'Unknown' user
although this information can easily be identified.

7. UX is extremely easy and helpful when every capability is toggled up.
...



Cypress -
In those two days I learned tons about cypress.
My tests are pretty basic but already have ideas for many flows.
I really wanted to give you the experience of POM but had difficulties passing a function
in cy.origin() and I need to go deep and understand the exact workarounds that exist.

Couldn't find a decent way to debug except actually put a debugger in my code.
it would have gone faster once I got the idea.
Already read about plenty of ways to best practice, so eager to start.

Thank You